📝 Create feedback+questions files (#97)
kids-first/kf-model-fhir: docs/feedback_and_questions/general_fhir_feedback_and_questions.md

# General FHIR Feedback and Questions

## Guidance process

> - Community issues, feedback, and guidance channels are scattered across https://chat.fhir.org, http://community.fhir.org/ (not https!), https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR, https://www.hl7.org/myhl7/managelistservs.cfm?ref=nav, https://jira.hl7.org/projects/FHIR/issues/, https://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir, https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/hl7_fhir, and who knows where else. That really needs to be consolidated to one place.

Author: ```suggestion
- Community issues, feedback, and guidance channels are scattered across https://chat.fhir.org, http://community.fhir.org/ (not https!), https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR, https://www.hl7.org/myhl7/managelistservs.cfm?ref=nav, https://jira.hl7.org/projects/FHIR/issues/, https://gforge.hl7.org/gf/project/fhir, https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/hl7_fhir, and who knows where else. That really needs to be consolidated and clarified.
  - Differentiation for its own sake (chat vs community) should be eliminated.
  - If there's an expectation of adherence to a formal feedback process, link to the process first (https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HL7/Specification+Feedback#SpecificationFeedback-newSubmittingnewfeedback), not to a submission page (https://jira.hl7.org/projects/FHIR/issues).
  - Deactivate obsolete venues (gforge vs jira, wiki vs confluence).
```
